cortex-m/README.md, before:

[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/cortex-m.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/cortex-m)
[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/cortex-m.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/cortex-m)

# `cortex-m`

> Low level access to Cortex-M processors

This project is developed and maintained by the [Cortex-M team][team].

## [Documentation](https://docs.rs/crate/cortex-m)

## Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV)

This crate is guaranteed to compile on stable Rust 1.61 and up. It might compile with older versions but that may change in any new patch release.

## License

Licensed under either of

- Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
- MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the
work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.

## Code of Conduct

Contribution to this crate is organized under the terms of the [Rust Code of
Conduct][CoC], the maintainer of this crate, the [Cortex-M team][team], promises
to intervene to uphold that code of conduct.

[CoC]: ../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[team]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg#the-cortex-m-team

Commit message:

The Cortex-M team was folded into the Arm team - update all references.

cortex-m/README.md, after:

[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/cortex-m.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/cortex-m)
[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/cortex-m.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/cortex-m)

# `cortex-m`

> Low level access to Cortex-M processors

This project is developed and maintained by the [Embedded Devices Working Group's Arm team][team].

## [Documentation](https://docs.rs/crate/cortex-m)

## Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV)

This crate is guaranteed to compile on stable Rust 1.61 and up. It might compile with older versions but that may change in any new patch release.

## License

Licensed under either of

- Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
- MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the
work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.

## Code of Conduct

Contribution to this crate is organized under the terms of the [Rust Code of
Conduct][CoC], the maintainer of this crate, the [Arm team][team], promises
to intervene to uphold that code of conduct.

[CoC]: ../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[team]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg#the-arm-team
