cortex-m-types/README.md, before:

[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/cortex-m-types.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/cortex-m-types)
[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/cortex-m-types.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/cortex-m-types)

# `cortex-m-types`

> Target-specific traits to be implemented by PACs

This project is developed and maintained by the [Arm team][team].

## [Documentation](https://docs.rs/crate/cortex-m-types)

## Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV)

This crate is guaranteed to compile on stable Rust 1.81 and up. It *might*
compile with older versions but that may change in any new patch release.

## License

Copyright 2024 [Arm team][team]

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose
with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice
and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS
OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF
THIS SOFTWARE.

## Code of Conduct

Contribution to this crate is organized under the terms of the [Rust Code of
Conduct][CoC], the maintainer of this crate, the [Arm team][team], promises
to intervene to uphold that code of conduct.

[CoC]: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[team]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg#the-arm-team

Commit message:

Fix paths to license text

cortex-m-types/README.md, after:

[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/cortex-m-types.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/cortex-m-types)
[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/cortex-m-types.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/cortex-m-types)

# `cortex-m-types`

> Target-specific traits to be implemented by PACs

This project is developed and maintained by the [Arm team][team].

## [Documentation](https://docs.rs/crate/cortex-m-types)

## Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV)

This crate is guaranteed to compile on stable Rust 1.81 and up. It *might*
compile with older versions but that may change in any new patch release.

## License

Licensed under either of

- Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](../LICENSE-APACHE) or
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
- MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](../LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

## Code of Conduct

Contribution to this crate is organized under the terms of the [Rust Code of
Conduct][CoC], the maintainer of this crate, the [Arm team][team], promises
to intervene to uphold that code of conduct.

[CoC]: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[team]: https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg#the-arm-team
